hello non the old children in the sea
nation aka the YW see how you doing
tonight i'm john c baya this is a
response to no DQ an edge bear he don't
send some shit I'm sorry some poo gotta
be PG Ronnie he doesn't said some poo
against the VW in this last video and I
don't like that see y'all most respect
to WWE they don't experiment it on you
with g-rated programming but to show it
not for children for everybody for grown
man and two year old children
intelligence on the same level see so it
for you true because their shit that a
six month old baby can enjoy the mean
you can't enjoy your all on the same
wave same intelligence whoa round the
waves what the bigger they are the
harder I sucking let me do it chuckles
even the can't see weeks I got my head
shoved up McMahon's ass kissing it too
much that's what y'all should do kiss
Vince McMahon's ass don't have your own
opinion see if Ryback is a Goldberg rip
off your look pretend use the best
imagine that you're having sex with him
when you masturbate that's what you
should do that's what you should do and
y'all know it Vince McMahon might allows
500 million dollars well that's a lot
don't think you said that stuff feel
they just say the true like some people
do but saying the truth is wrong no dick
you you you wrong for saying true it
never lost five hundred million dollars
saw imagination my rates are as high as
they've ever been attendance just as
high the ratings are true to roof man
what you mean to point something out ace
they don't get 25 every
that is a John Cena can see the super
coulis and he made for adults which you
mean he's born he'll know Johnson is the
best man but you mean it's insulting
your intelligence when Vince McMahon
declared the beginning of the Attitude
Era he said I'm tired and Sultan your
intelligence that's what he said with
this heroic bullshit he don't go and
went back to it so in other words is
insulting your intelligence that's what
it might seem like to the untrained eye
but really it's because he loved you and
the children is you all just big
children to Vince McMahon even if you
adults is you don't be like in that shit
it's geared for six month old babies now
so you like Vince McMahon's big children
so yeah short stor freaking getting to
the point of this here y'all should
always love racing I'm not allowed to
poke against it talking against rasslin
is like blasphemy Jesus is going to come
down to earth and kick you in the
testicles young salt wrestling Jones see
the bear here I'm here every week I'm
never late never happen ain't never take
a break like John Cena she's the best
best wrestler in the world because you
show up so yes praise PG even though
it's meant for six month old babies even
though McMahon insulting you insulting
the fans on YouTube be a bitch suck
Vince McMahon's cock like every good
rest and fan should do never have an
opinion is that evil negative opinion
against wrestling is evil just skip it
say it's to progress a storyline imagine
that you having sex with Ryback and move
on move on but we can all agree to TNA
sucks major Connel cats that's a given
see how do you see
everybody knows there's been sucking
dick and Showtime sucking dick taha but
3w read the best never done anything
wrong they've done racism I had
pedophiles no it's all good still skinny
SH have nothing wrong with pedophilia
sedation Oh God ch all right I'm a CLE
y'all can't see me there room until next
time I look